Experience
Google logo
Research

Google · Full-time

Oct 2017 - Present · 8 yrs 9 mos

Greater Seattle Area

I am a software engineer / scientist at Google Health specializing in health research such as sensing, audio, time series representations, forecasting, agents and other AI.

Thumbnail for Contactless Sleep Sensing in Nest Hub
Contactless Sleep Sensing in Nest Hub

Radar based sleep sensing

Aigen logo
Advisor

Aigen · Part-time

Jan 2020 - Present · 6 yrs 6 mos

Seattle, Washington, United States

Advising Aigen R&D efforts related to edge machine learning, computer vision, image acquisition and robotic control. They are building exciting, sustainable robotic farming solutions

Thumbnail for Aigen | Robotics | Agriculture
Aigen | Robotics | Agriculture

Aigen provides a robotics service platform to improve soil health. With a focus on providing better data and direct action for farmers.

Graduate Student Researcher

UW Ubiquitous Computing Lab

Jul 2016 - Jun 2018 · 2 yrs

Researched novel ways of using mobile phones for health diagnosis and new interaction modalities. Part of the University of Washington UbiComp Lab during Masters

Ubicomp Lab - Ubiquitous Computing Lab at the University of Washington

Ubiquitous Computing Lab at the University of Washington

Nest Labs logo
Software Engineer

Nest Labs · Internship

Jun 2017 - Oct 2017 · 5 mos

Palo Alto, California, United States

Worked as a SWE intern while completing graduate school. Focused on a new generation of Nest consumer health products. Trained and deployed machine learning models using tensorflow, tflite and mediapipe for use in ios/android smartphone app. Worked with doctors, researchers and other healthcare/regulatory experts.… more

Haiku Deck logo
Artificial Intelligence Engineer

Haiku Deck

Jun 2016 - Sep 2016 · 4 mos

Greater Seattle Area

I was a software engineering intern at Haiku Deck, a presentation Web/iOS app startup featuring Zuru, an AI platform that helps automate the design and creation of presentations. I contributed to research and development for the Zuru service and its new features based upon creating presentations from various external content. Utilized Node.js and React.js for development.… more

Instant Presentations, Powered by Artificial Intelligence

Artificial intelligence software that builds presentations automatically. Upload an outline or just your idea and let Zuru handle the rest. Get started for free.
